
The current plan: 
Get married in Vegas in January. 

Expedite request:
I have 2 boys 17 and 11 years old. 
I work on military and national defence as a cnc programmer, machinist, and software engineer.

info:
Luz: is 42, has no children and works fulltime in Culiacan, MX.
Matt is 41, has 2 kids works fulltime in Merrill MI.

My goal:
Get married in January. Get a house and have her move in as soon as possible.



married sooner in Mexico

Marbel:

make sure they know that she has a tourist visa and that we are not
married.

Let me start by saying all of this is brand new to me. Our goal 
is to just be together.

Our original plan was to get married in Vegas in January, and file a for 
a CR-1 visa. After talking to a gentleman yesterday - we have went over the 
K1 visa a little bit. 

Now I have a few questions regarding the K-1 and options.
1) while its in progress can she come to stay for awhile with me? 
    - She has a tourist Visa.
    - How do you handle immigrations (airport).

2) I read that its 8 to 15 months wait time for approval. 
    - There is a consular interview / visa interview. When/where does that take place. 

3) How soon after approval do we need to file I-485 for green card? 

4) Are the CR-1 and K-1 the only options? am I overlooking options?

5) Is there anything I could be overlooking about this process?

sometimes 6-7 months on cr-1. 
counsel process 3-4 months. 


adjustment of status

flat fee: 3,000
step 1 i130 


A target date of the third week in September.

What all documents will you need from us.
    - can we send them in ahead of time.
    - where do we send them

She wants to bring her car here, she has a nice car.
    - Would there be any problems with driving here? or should the first trip be to fly.

What should she say about not having a return flight?

Is there any documents she should collect while in Mexico?

Can she get a Social Security number while the case is pending?

Can she get a Michigan driver's license while the case is pending?

When can she travel outside the U.S. again?

Is it ok to get married in Michigan?


has insurance until the end of January (covers damage to third parties in the US)
I have a Mexican driver's license (it will expire in November but I can get a new version that does not expire)

marriage petition
dont get married in 30 days -> 40 days.
intent matters -> not to much stuff.
file petition as soon as married.

petition for alien relative -> 7-8 months

adjustment of status -> 9 months -> must stay. 
or console processing -> both for green card.

once the adjustment of status starts she must stay. 

you can file the petition 

how I think it works:

marriage petition
dont get married in 30 days -> 40 days.
intent matters -> not to much stuff.
file petition as soon as married.

petition for alien relative -> 7-8 months
