info:
Luz: is 42, has no children and works fulltime in Culiacan, MX.
Matt is 41, has 2 kids works fulltime in Merrill MI.

A target date of the third week in September.

What all documents will you need from us.
    - can we send them in ahead of time.
    - where do we send them

She wants to bring her car here, she has a nice car.
    - Would there be any problems with driving here? or should the first trip be to fly.

What should she say about not having a return flight?

Is there any documents she should collect while in Mexico?

Can she get a Social Security number while the case is pending?

Can she get a Michigan driver's license while the case is pending?

When can she travel outside the U.S. again?

Is it ok to get married in Michigan?


has insurance until the end of January (covers damage to third parties in the US)
I have a Mexican driver's license (it will expire in November but I can get a new version that does not expire)

marriage petition
dont get married in 30 days -> 40 days.
intent matters -> not to much stuff.
file petition as soon as married.

petition for alien relative -> 7-8 months

adjustment of status -> 9 months -> must stay. 
or console processing -> both for green card.

once the adjustment of status starts she must stay. 

you can file the petition 

how I think it works:

marriage petition
dont get married in 30 days -> 40 days.
intent matters -> not to much stuff.
file petition as soon as married.

petition for alien relative -> 7-8 months


I have a few questions. First the plan:
She comes September 21th. 
After 30 days we get married. 
We file a change of status. 
We wont be traveling until it's complete. 

Questions:
Can she tell immigrations that I am buying her return flight?
A round trip ticket is expensive and she would rather not buy unless necessary. 

Is there anything we should worry about while she is here? 

How much will the first application fee cost? 

For our Airbnb recipts, plane tickets, and photos together - where should I send them?
I'll be sending the checklist items to Marvel website where you can upload a document.
But unsure where these particular items should go.


petition
- 675 dollars 

adjustment of status -> 9 months -> must stay. 
What if there is an emergency?


purchase a round trip with return on it. 


CALL:
Lance: asking about tourist visa, traviling, been denied.
she gets a full 180 days on visa - as Mexican (no restriction).
If she comes for 2 weeks and doesn't have a return flight, they will question that. 

Keep the answers short and simple like normal. Don't be nervous.
Recommends a ticket with a refund.

Matt: Is everything ok?
Nothing to worry about -> tourist visa 

After filing adjustment of status:
before 30 days -> bad intent. 
30 - 60 days -> heightened awareness, ok.
after 60 -> ok 

Lance on a rant about lying to get a visa -> not applicable here. 

Petition is to say hey im married to a US citizen. doesn't affect travel.
petition 1st step? 
file adjustment of status seperatly. cant leave after the adjustment of status.

Matt: emergency after adjustment of status. 
Lance: Application for advanced prolle. it takes awhile to process those. 

Matt: documents to prove we are legitemate.
Lance: prefers to recieve a personal email. If file size is too large, send to 
Marvel and sent lance and email saying what you sent to Marvel.

lance: 

marriage based petition: 675$
ajustment of status cost

must pay a professional translator for any documents (ex. birth certificate).